today we bring together another
generation of men and women into the
ranks of our armed forces here's the big
book all the opportunities we have the
Marine Corps I looked in the eye I don't
want to be a grunt but you talk about
pay and your benefit that are positives
it sounded good he starts telling me
okay you could go here and you can go
there I start some basic training they
systematically break you down there
works all social chanting kill raghead
it's hot she's nice I can't believe that
we're saying this you pick a 19 year old
kid give him a rifle and tell him you
want to go back home your girlfriend go
destroy that city the enemy could be
anyone you don't know where to focus
your aggression who we are when we leave
is not who we are winning if we're lucky
to return there's times where I'm glad
I'm alive and then there's times where I
wish it with a killing you're supposed
to be the Superman we're not supposed to
come home and they have those those
feelings my wife's so proud of me and
how can I tell her about the dead kid I
saw laying on the side of the road then
I go from being a hero to a monster
somebody gotta be there when I get blood
and somebody gotta get their hands dirty
yeah that's a job but somebody got it
the Chinese everything I need here in
number 14 wounded 10 dead they think
okay hope you all right but they don't
realize injured who's missing both his
hands or hold this later whatever I'm
here for a reason I'm here to make sure
that no this ogre has to go through what
I had to go through struggled every day
he chose to end his life after his
return from Iraq that fight wasn't our
fight this is now we're speaking not
only for ourselves but for the people
who are still in the military honor the
veterans like really like listening to
what they have to say science has proven
you can live approximately 72 hours
without water spiritual you can only
live a few minutes without help
you